#14916 Configuration change: Host status webhook per-team (#15612)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using Fleet/Automations.md

## Host status automations

> Host status automations send a webhook request if a configured percentage of hosts have not checked in to Fleet for a configured number of days. This can be customized [globally](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/configuration-files#organization-settings) or [per-team](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/configuration-files#teams).

Author: ```suggestion
Host status automations send a webhook request if a configured percentage of hosts have not checked in to Fleet for a configured number of days. This can be customized [globally](https://fleetdm.com/docs/configuration/configuration-files#organization-settingss) or [per-team](https://fleetdm.com/docs/configuration/configuration-files#teams).
```

> Fleet sends these webhook requests once per day by default. This interval can be updated with the `webhook_settings.interval` [configuration option](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/configuration-files#organization-settings).  Note that this interval currently configures both host status and failing policy automations.

Author: ```suggestion
Fleet sends these webhook requests once per day by default. This interval can be updated with the `webhook_settings.interval` [configuration option](https://fleetdm.com/docs/configuration/configuration-files#organization-settings).  Note that this interval currently configures both host status and failing policy automations.
```
